"Chuck Norris has nine toes on each foot"
"Chuck Norris does not forget his friends and loved ones birthdays. He decides when their birthdays are."
"Chuck Norris was in a bear fight, he tapped the bear with his finger and the bear fainted and died"
"God didnt create Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris created God"
"Chuck Norris recently appeared on the TV show 'Pawn Stars'. He got $23,000 for his used condom."
"Chuck Norris wont even dare touching a woman. Lucky Justin Beiber"
"Chuck Norris used a hatchet to remove a fly from his friend's forehead"
"Chuck Norris can describe a color to a blind person."
"Chuck Norris fought a zombie bare-handed and won."
"When Sir Edmund Hillary first climbed to the summit of Everest, he saw empty beer cans, condoms and cigar butts strewn around, plus a giant snow angel and the words 'CHUCK NORRIS BEAT YOU, BITCH' written in urine in the snow."
"Chuck Norris keeps Marsellus Wallace's soul in his wallet."
"Chuck Norris can murder you with his tonsils."
"Chuck Norris inhaled helium and had a much deeper voice."
"Chuck Norris's shadow weighs 250 pounds and can kick your ass ."
"a black mamba once bit Chuck Norris... and died"
"Chuck Norris can make you lick your own elbow by twisting you into a pretzel."
"Chuck Norris doesn't need portals in the video game Portal."
"Chuck Norris can split/fuse atoms through his piercing stare."
"Chuck Norris' beard has the density of a dying sun."
"Chuck Norris is the reaso Waldo is hiding."
"Blackouts are caused by Chuck Norris charging his iPhone."
"Chuck Norris can go platinum on a Blank CD"
"For most people, anger is simply a state of mind... For Chuck Norris, it is state-of-the-art."
"Chuck Norris sold his soul to the devil for his rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts ability. Shortly after the transaction was finalized, Chuck roundhouse kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back. The devil, who appreciates irony, couldn't stay mad and admitted he should have seen it coming. They now play poker every second Wednesday of the month."
"Chuck Norris can stare an enemy into submission, but it's a lot more fun to roundhouse kick their ass"
"There is no such thing as tornados. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks."
"Chuck Norris' former 3rd grade librarian once \"shushed\" him for talking too loudly. Former librarian, Stephen Hawking, later became a world renowned physicist."
"The day before the MTV awards, Miley was broken in by Chuck Norris."
"Kronic king has a secret yearning for Chuck Norris' boner."
"Chuck Norris can tear a page out of face book"
"Never smile at a crocodile. Unless you know that Chuck Norris is about to rip it in half like a phone book."
"All the religions of the world believe that reading Chuck Norris facts aloud daily increases your chances of surviving till the next day."
"Chuck Norris is really just a manifestation of Pennywise The Clown's fear."
"The first pump shotgun was Actually the worlds largest shotgun because it is Chuck Norris's Penis, it destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki when he was getting a hand job from a hot girl."
"If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck and even quacks like a duck but Chuck Norris says it's a rare red-breasted sapsucker in heat... It's a rare red-breasted sapsucker and be thankful Chuck let you agree with him."
"Chuck Norris's spinning back-fist was the inspiration for the centrifuge . They just had to slow it down ."
"Chuck Norris put humpty dumpty back together again, only to roundhouse kick him in the face. Later Chuck dined on scrambled eggs with all the king's horses and all the king's men. The king himself could not attend for unspecified reasons. Coincidentally, the autopsoy revealed the cause of death to be a roundhouse kick to the face. There is only one King."
"Chuck Norris can pay attention... in cash."
"Chuck Norris never wipes his butt"
"Chuck Norris once dipped an elephant's nose in a pile of cocaine then rammed it up Ricarhd Gere's ass."
